hello hello dmitry
Anatolevich
Why, she sticks out bothering you
debt collection agency my name is
svetlana anatolyevna
found yours came from a bank
East Express Loan which you
stopped
pay remember this problem
immediately a problem
Well, the bank or you problem naturally
on this floor there is a problem in the bank
I do not have problems but for now they are not but
maybe you understand that
assign property banking then
impunity then the contract will not pass
cook on sale dmitry anatolyevich
well let them sell you well let them sell
yes absolutely you absolutely
antisocial lifestyle see yes then
There is in principle this not especially worry
social yes why mind see my dream
complex image I understand, I understand
and Anatolevich understand if decatur and
proceed with Russian legislation
are they or well gone
antisocial lifestyle lead or people
who are chronic crime related and
your option which is not here not here report
that you use banks and the press
banks to property on their own
Mind already give money
Now you understand that under the law
Russian Federation
it turns out to be at least 30 to
330 articles of the civil code is like
at least for you it is not entirely pleasant
this is not the ceiling
Yes, you know about what the third article
civil code and what not to return
penalties how are you going to
you will reason to refer
and which ones you will be like in
expose arguments about
reduction you understand that we do not have
In general, not a single line of the tribe 433
articles of the civil code of the Russian
federations and all this second but when
5 you will write and you we have none
Article No Article in Code
which would be the cause of non-return
cash generally no such
exit code added work lost then
tsunami even though i don't know what the blue died
buildings people with us here it is not
Orthodox is force majeure
scales that you read
anticipate this what we are for to prevent
these fire clouds you are not consciously
return money yes no of course but
then I do not understand our meaning
conversation do not understand our meaning
conversation why did you call so
misunderstood the text arose here such here
legal mood is not exactly
I understand because usually people
at least feels the wine about
current situation because clearly
aware of the fact that yes is
pocket
Two that Dmitry Anatolyevich is you
should have been as I understand it
include then when you needed
caliban cash which you
will help you financially chosen oriental
express but now I understand the bank is bad
money gave the bank to Allah well somehow
a little look at the situation yesterday by
how does the bank feel it just before
what kind of bank
we have chosen him near as I understand it
that moment he was good if you him
chose and then suddenly some such
fed not very good necrolith
tweet it he know what is good before
all that can not give him the walls to
the spider itself got yes that you are in vain
think so no question no choice and
again I will not read the corridor and no one
canceled it know very well ladies and cheats
for today
contract transferred to collection agency
debt what purpose does she mean with you
four months to settle
problems and return on the current
debt today in march month
sorry for living in february
March April May June
to the goal if you do not return the money
means then your home will be hard for
customers and the bank will be uninteresting 20
the hole will be closed by other structures
stipulated by law
at which cinema was formed
issue a refund you tell me
please Paul plant your
age and 975 year of birth in general
not a young boy communicating with
some kind of young teenage man
age would somehow like to
accordance biological age
some psychological moments
would love to have teana.
if suddenly this is a bunch of finally like
you on the air these moment
she does not work yes and this opinion is not
I can understand the course of your thoughts in general
just him you go wrong branches
ecological age scheme worth
Now the roof in inconsistencies in the tube
me by date of birth adult man a
I'm talking to a man who
reactor adolescent understand causes
not norma
at this age in adults music by
least occurs in the clinic from
practice to honestly call my things
by names
embarrassing on financial impotence which
they refused to drop me sorry
Dmitry was preparing but music bass music
there is such a bag and yes at
least but here's how everything is normal potency
does not arise very badly
in any variant of glossy impotence me
this is not necessary and what you were
so demonstrate then
with all my might and she tour what i need i
I also think that it is not necessary for men
Content is not necessary and usual course not
principle also do not need more information
there was no sudden want this situation
take it seriously wear all these
here are the moments which so sarcasm your
unclean bank bullying yet
there are some moments
cabinet and three kinds not what cabinet